The Concert at Coldy

It was a dark and cold evening. The large clock at Coldy School showed 7 pm. The children in the choir were waiting nervously in the warm classroom. They had to learn the difficult words of their school song before 7.30 pm, the start of the concert.
“Students of Coldy, young and old. Good education is better than gold ... What’s the next line? I’m so bored,” said Bobby. “Can we play a game or something?”
“How about hide-and-seek?” said Louis. “All the corridors and classrooms are dark and empty, it would be so fun!”
“Yeah, that sounds like a cool idea,” said Bobby. “OK, you can hide and I will count. Ready? 
ONE – TWO – THREE ...”
Louis ran out of the classroom and Bobby counted up to one hundred.
“NINETY-NINE – ONE HUNDRED! Coming, ready or not!”

Bobby ran out of the classroom to find Louis. The corridors were dark and quiet and soon Bobby was lost. He didn’t know this old part of the school.
“Louis? Louis? OK, game over. I’m scared and I want to go back to the concert. Louis?”
No answer. Suddenly there was singing. “Oh no!” thought Bobby. “The concert has started!” 
He went towards the music. After a minute he found an old wooden door. The singing was behind it. “I’m sure this isn’t usually the door to the concert hall,” thought Bobby. But he opened it anyway.

The door led to a very old classroom, full of cobwebs and shadows. There was a cold wind and then Bobby saw something terrible: a choir of ghostly children in school hats and ties. They were singing in high, spooky voices. “Students of Coldy, young and old. Good education is better than gold. Look back through time and you will see how important your days at school can be.” The ghosts looked at Bobby coldly, and then he saw the most scary thing of all. He knew one of the ghosts ... it was Louis!
“Louis!” cried Bobby. “What’s happened? Is this a joke?” But Louis the ghost only sang and the ghosts walked slowly towards Bobby. “Never run around in your school at night. If you do, the ghosts will come out to bite.”

It was too much for Bobby and he ran out of the room. He heard the singing behind him but soon he was back with the other children in the warm, bright classroom. But Louis wasn’t there. “Have you seen Louis?” Bobby asked his friends. They all said no. Bobby wanted to speak with friends about the ghost choir but at that moment Mrs Smale the music teacher came in. “Time to sing, boys and girls! This way to the concert hall!”
On the way to the concert hall Bobby saw a black and white photo on the wall. It was from the year 1863. And there, in the school hat and tie, was his best friend Louis.
