Last summer Gillian’s cousin David, his parents and his dog Kenny Hoover went to Wales on holiday. One day they decided to walk to the top of Mount Snowdon, the highest mountain in Wales. Mrs Williams didn’t like the idea.
“It’s a very difficult walk,” she said. “Let’s take the train to the top.”
David and his father thought that was out of the question! So they took their rucksacks and a picnic and started walking.
It wasn’t a sunny day but the weather was OK. Mrs Williams was right – it was a difficult walk. At one o’clock they were hungry and tired. So they stopped for lunch. Suddenly it became dark.
“Oh no!” said Mr Williams. “The last thing we need – fog.” “It’s scary. We won’t be able to find our way back,” David said. “It’s OK,” Mr Williams answered. “Let’s just wait here until we can see better.” They sat there for a long time. David felt cold.
“What about the train next time? I knew …,” Mrs Williams started to say. “Shhh,” whispered Mr Williams. “Look at our dog! What’s up, Kenny Hoover?” Suddenly a big black dog came out of the fog. Now they were really scared. But the dog only barked at them and started to run away. Kenny Hoover barked back and quickly followed the dog.
“Kenny Hoover, stay here!” shouted David. But Kenny Hoover ran after the dog and so they followed, too.
They followed the black dog for about two hours and then suddenly they saw the village. They were so glad. “Look, there’s our hotel!” David shouted happily. They turned round to say “thank you” to the dog but it wasn’t there. Kenny Hoover barked but there was no answer.
At the hotel they met Mrs Jones, the landlady.
“Oh, thank goodness, you’re back,” she said. “It’s very foggy. How did you find your way?”
“Oh, a big black dog helped us,” David answered. “It was incredible. I don’t know how, but the dog knew the way back to the village.”
Mrs Jones looked very surprised. “A big black dog? So it’s true,” she said.
“What’s true?” David and his parents asked.
“The story of Gerret, the dog. I guess you haven’t heard it yet. His master, Mr Perrin, was a very good walker but he was old and one day he died in the mountains. Gerret came back to the village for help but he was too late. People say Gerret lives in the mountains now. Of course, I never thought the story was true …”
