Backstage with the Magic Boys

Everybody at our school has probably heard of the Magic Boys but very few have had the chance to meet the band. Last Saturday Haverstock students Rajiv and Sheree Patel went to see the Magic Boys live and also met the famous boy group before the concert. The two were allowed to go backstage after Rajiv won a contest on the band’s home page.

The students arrived at the concert hall at about five o’clock and a lot of fans were already waiting outside. The lucky fans made their way through the crowd and showed their backstage passes at the door. A young woman then took them through the backstage rooms.

The band was practising their new hit song when Rajiv and Sheree walked into the room. “It was amazing! I’ll never forget it,” said Rajiv. The members of the band then talked to the two fans. “At first I didn’t know what to say because I was so excited,” laughed Sheree. “They asked about our favourite songs and our hobbies, and it turned out that lead singer Rick and I both like horses.”
The band members gave both fans a copy of their new CD and also wrote their autographs 
on Rajiv’s T-shirt. He thought it was great and was laughing the whole time. When asked what he will do with the T-shirt, Rajiv answered: “I’ll never wash this T-shirt again!”

The students were still talking to the band when reporters suddenly came into the room. “It was crazy,” explained Sheree. “The reporters were asking questions and running around until the manager finally shouted “time’s up!”. Then the band had to go for make-up. They were getting ready for the concert so the manager had time to show the fans the tour bus. Rajiv really liked the bus. “It’s so cool, not like a normal bus. It’s a living room with a big TV and a stereo!”

Rajiv and Sheree then got another surprise: The band invited them to stand at the front and watch the show. Sheree was very excited. “When the band came on stage, all the girls were screaming. I was screaming, too. What an incredible feeling!”

The concert was fantastic and everybody had a lot of fun. The band came back on stage three times. “Everybody was still cheering when they came back the third time,” said Rajiv. “We didn’t want it to end, we had a great time!”
