Buckingham Palace
The Queen lives here when she is in London. There are 775 rooms, 760 windows and 1514 doors! In summer you can visit the palace but you can’t have tea with the Queen! Come and watch the Changing of the Guard.

Covent Garden
Shops and stalls, music, jugglers and clowns – you can find them all at Covent Garden. Enjoy an exciting afternoon, have an ice cream and watch, watch, watch!

The London Dungeon
Travel back in time to learn about the dark side of London’s history. It’s scary – so don’t go alone!
Open: 10 am – 4.30 pm

King’s Cross Railway Station
Platform 9 ¾ is a “must-see” for all Harry Potter fans – that’s where Harry takes the train to Hogwarts! In real life King’s Cross is the station where trains leave for Scotland and Wales.

London Zoo
What’s new at the zoo? Come and see the baby giraffes and about 12,000 more animals. Here the animals are the stars!
Open: 10 am – 5.30 pm

Hyde Park
The perfect place to relax. Sit on the grass or in a boat and enjoy the sun. On Sundays you can listen to all kinds of people at Speaker’s Corner.

The London Eye
Ride 135 metres to the top and enjoy a great view of London. You can see three airports, 13 football stadiums and 36 Thames bridges.
Open: 10 am – 9 pm

Madame Tussauds
Meet the famous people of the world – in wax. Kings, queens, pop stars, sportspersons – even Jack the Ripper is waiting for you!
Open: 9 am – 5.30 pm

Piccadilly Circus
Meet your friends at the statue in the middle of Piccadilly Circus. This is the ideal place to sit and watch people, cars and buses.

The Sherlock Holmes Museum
Visit the museum and travel back in time to learn all about the life of London’s most famous detective.
Open: 9.30 am – 6 pm

The Tower of London
Visit London’s famous castle. Come and see the towers, the cannons and the uniforms. And don’t forget to look at the Crown Jewels.
Open: 9 am – 6 pm

Tower Bridge
This amazing bridge is next to the Tower of London. It is 60 metres long and opens up when tall ships are passing.
