Different people – different problems

Ask Sarah
Send all your problems to me.
I can only answer some letters on this page, but I’ll send an answer to everyone who writes to me.
Sarah

I have a big problem. I’m in love with a boy at school. He’s really cute and a great basketball player. His name is Liam. I told my best friend about him and we decided she would find out if he liked me. Next thing is – he tells her she’s great and now they’re going out together. I can’t believe she has done this to me! And we sit next to each other in school! I want to tell her how I feel, but I’ll never speak to her again. I’m so disappointed – and angry. What can I do?
Patty, 14, Manchester

Dear Patty,
I know this is hard for you, but you must talk to your friend and tell her about your feelings. Of course it’s not fair, but don’t let a boy come between you and your best friend. Your friendship should be strong enough to get over your problems.


I’ve always wanted a dog because I love animals. My dad says no – our flat is too small. I’ve told him I’ll feed and walk it, but he says we can’t leave a dog in the flat all day. I’m sure I can find someone to look after it. My mum says I can have a cat, but I prefer dogs.
Jason, 14, Brighton

Dear Jason,
Your father is right. I’m sure you love dogs, but it isn’t fair to leave them alone all day. Why don’t you visit a dogs’ home in your town? There you’ll find lots of dogs that need a good friend. You can look after one of them and go for long walks. I know it won’t be your dog, but you’ll have a new friend. Perhaps when you’re older your dream will come true.


I really need your help. My parents told my sister and me that they’re going to split up! I don’t know what to do. I’m so sad. Everything will change. I always thought we were a happy family and now it’s all over? Do I have to decide who I want to live with? I love both my parents.
Tommy, 14, London
Dear Tommy,
It’s always sad for everyone when parents split up. You’re not alone. Many young people have this problem. First you – and your sister – should talk to your parents and find answers to all the questions that worry you. You have to deal with this as a family. Try to talk to others whose parents have split up. You could ask them for help, too.


My big problem is cyberbullying. I got a new mobile for my birthday last month. At school we shared all our numbers in my class and since then I have received some horrible messages. Someone wants to beat me up. Please help me. What can I do?
Susan, 13, York

Dear Susan,
Remember: It’s not your fault. Tell your parents and your teachers. Talk about it with your friends. Maybe they have similar problems, too. Together you’ll stop the bullying.
