Bilingual module – History of the bike

The invention of the bike

Bikes today
The bike (short for bicycle) is a fast, healthy and environmentally friendly1 means of transport2.
Today there are more than a billion3 (1,000,000,000) bikes worldwide. 
It was a long way to get there ...

It all started with a big bang …
In 1815 the biggest volcanic eruption4 in history happened in Indonesia. The eruption was so big that it changed the weather all over the planet: In Europe the year 1816 became known as the ‘Year Without a Summer’. This meant that food did not grow well and became very expensive. In those days people used horses to get from one place to another. But after the eruption people couldn’t buy food for their horses anymore. People started thinking about other quick and easy ways to travel around … and so the first kind of bike was invented!

Karl Drais and his Running Machine
The history of the bike begins with Baron Karl Drais from Karlsruhe in Germany. In 1817 he invented the Laufmaschine (Running Machine). It was the first vehicle6 with two wheels placed in line7. Every part was made of wood. Riders8 sat on a saddle and pushed themselves forward with their feet. Drais’ idea was to find an alternative to the horse. The Running Machine was an international success and went by different names: Draisine, Velocipede, Hobby Horse or Dandy Horse.

The development of the bike
Two Frenchmen and their Boneshaker
The Running Machines weren’t perfect. They were heavy and difficult to ride and many of them didn’t have any brakes. Lots of accidents happened and in some cities Running Machines weren’t allowed anymore. 
So in 1818 Drais’ bike began to disappear from many European roads. 50 years later, in 1867, the Frechman Pierre Lallement designed a bike with pedals on a bigger front wheel. He sold his design to a blacksmith called Pierre Michaux. It was under Michaux’s name that Lallement’s bike was produced in factories and became famous.
The bike was made of wood and very heavy iron. It took a lot of effort to turn the pedals. The British gave it the name Boneshaker because it wasn’t comfortable to ride.
 
James Starley and his Penny Farthing
The next step in the history of the bike was the high-wheeler. In 1869 the Frenchman Eugene Meyer built such a bike. He chose a much bigger front wheel to make the bike faster.
In 1878 the British manufacturer James Starley developed the high-wheeler further. He reduced the weight of the frame, used rubber tyres and spokes. This bike was soon called the Ordinary or the Penny Farthing (the wheels looked like two English coins: the penny and the much smaller farthing).
Penny Farthings were much faster than Boneshakers, but they needed a running start. Stopping was impossible because there were no brakes. The rider just had to jump off the bike. There were many accidents with serious injuries and some people even died.

John Kemp Starley and his Rover
In 1885 James Starley’s nephew John Kemp Starley presented his design: the Rover. The front wheel was smaller again and the back wheel bigger. A chain linked the pedals to the back wheel. The Rover was much easier to ride than the Penny Farthing and became known as a safety bike. It was the first bike that women could ride in their dresses and skirts. Historians say that the safety bike was the first modern bike.

How the bike changed the world
The first bikes were made in Europe in the 19th century. However, only rich people could buy them because they were so expensive. But the safety bike changed everything: It was much safer and cheaper than the older versions. From the beginning of the 20th century the bike became a popular form of transport for normal people. It helped them to travel around much more quickly. 
The effect of the bike on societies around the world was huge, especially for women. To be able to ride a bike, women had to change the way they dressed. Before, women had worn large dresses which weren’t suitable for bikes. From then on they began to wear trousers, like men. Bikes also gave women greater independence. They could travel on their own more easily, and as a result women began to ask for more freedom and respect. 
Bikes also made a big difference to city life. By the end of the 19th century cities were badly overcrowded, because everyone had to live near their workplace. With a bike it became possible to live outside the city and then cycle to work. Thanks to the bike, men and women from different places could also meet more easily. So families expanded because men and women could meet people who lived outside their small towns.
	The technology behind the bike also helped with the invention of other, more complicated10 machines. Henry Ford’s first car and the Wright Brothers’ first plane both used bicycle technology. Since the first bike these other forms of transport have become very important in society. But the bike is still the most popular form of transportation in many parts of the world. In Europe now more bikes are sold each year than cars.
In the modern world the advantages of bikes are clearer than ever. Unlike cars they are good for the environment, for your health and for your wallet. You don’t need petrol to ride a bike, and it is a lot cheaper to repair them.
