Friends from the USA

A
Mrs Collins: There they are! Hi! Welcome to London!
Mrs Hill: Gwen! I can’t believe we’re finally here, it’s been much too long! And you must be Gillian, it’s so great to meet you at last – I’m Gloria!
Gillian: Hi, nice to meet you!
Mrs Hill: And this is my husband Mark and my daughter Cheryl.
Mr Hill: Hello!
Cheryl: Hi, Gillian. Great to see you.
Gillian: How was the flight?
Cheryl: Very long, ten hours. It’s hard sitting for ten hours. But there were some good movies. They also gave us some candy before the plane landed.
Gillian: Wow! Ten hours. You must be tired. But you are staying for four weeks, so you have lots of time to recover. So, let’s go home.

B
Mrs Collins: So, what would you like to see first in London?
Mr Hill: Well, we’d like to see St. Paul’s Cathedral. And Westminster Abbey sounds great, too.
Mrs Hill: And I really love museums. There are so many here in London.
Mrs Collins: Yes, that’s right. And there are a lot of other interesting sights to see. But, Cheryl, you don’t look very excited.
Cheryl: Well, you know, I thought we would do more fun things on vacation – like shopping in cool English markets or going on the London Eye. But museums and St. Paul’s … Mom, Dad, do I have to go?
Gillian: And I’ve already been to those places.
Mrs Collins: I have an idea. Why don’t you girls visit a nearby city? It’d be good for you to see something new, Gillian!
Cheryl: Awesome! What do you think, Gillian? We could go to Edinburgh. That’s a big English city, right?
Gillian: Naaah, you’re mixing up England and Great Britain. Edinburgh is in Scotland. And it’s quite far from here.
Mrs Collins: That’s true, Edinburgh is too far away. You shouldn’t go there on your own. ... But we could all go together.
Gillian: Then we have to go to all the museums in Edinburgh, too. No, thank you!
Mrs Collins: No no, you and Cheryl can have some time on your own – and you could climb the old volcano, “Arthur’s Seat”.
Gillian: Oh, that sounds amazing! Let’s do it.

C
Mrs Collins: … Yes, we’d like to stay for two nights … right, from Friday to Sunday.
Receptionist: OK. Let me check … just a minute. Oh, sorry, we’re booked up. But perhaps you could try our partner hotel in the south of the city? It’s called ‘Hotel Alexandra’.
Mrs Collins: Oh, that’s too bad. But I’ll try the other hotel. Thanks a lot.
Receptionist: You’re welcome. Good luck and bye!
Mrs Collins: Bye.
