A short history of Australia

The first people to settle in Australia were the Aborigines, about 50,000 years ago. When the first European ships arrived in the 17th century, more than 300,000 Aborigines were living in small groups.
The European sailors who arrived on the north and west coasts of Australia decided the climate was too hot and dry for people to live there and so they left.
In 1770 Captain James Cook landed on the east coast of Australia on his ship named the Endeavour. After arriving there, Cook claimed the land as territory for Great Britain.
It took the British government 18 years to decide what to do with this new continent. Britain had a big problem with overcrowded prisons. Australia was a large continent and very far away. So it was decided that they would send 700 criminals on ships to Australia. On 26th January 1788 the First Fleet under the command of Captain Arthur Phillip arrived with the prisoners at Port Jackson (now Sydney). The date of their arrival is now celebrated as Australia Day.
After hearing reports about the new continent, others back in Britain became interested in Australia. Land was free or very cheap, so many free men sailed to this new continent, hoping for better lives for themselves and their families. Many settlers started sheep farms and sent the wool to British factories.
In 1851 gold was discovered in New South Wales. Even more people set out for Australia in the hope of becoming rich. But most of them didn’t even manage to make enough money to buy a ticket home.
It was time for a new political system. So on 1st January 1901 the six British colonies on the Australian continent became independent and formed the Commonwealth of Australia.
Many war refugees from Europe came to live in Australia after the Second World War. 
By 1965 Aborigines in all Australian states had been given the vote. The Australian government began a new policy to end discrimination against and poverty among Aborigines. Many of them had been killed when they had been driven out of their homes by the first white settlers. When the Olympic Games were held in Sydney in 2000, an Aboriginal athlete, Cathy Freeman, carried the Olympic torch.
