Summer break

17 July, 6:26 pm
Last day of school! Finally! No more homework and six weeks of freedom! Megan and I are going to see each other every day and hang out by the lake in the park. Time for some sunbathing and looking out for cute boys!
24 July, 8:54 pm
Worst. Day. Ever. Megan said her parents are sending her to summer camp for four weeks!!! Apparently they want an ‘adult holiday’ without their children. If my parents did this to me, I would run away and never come back!
1 August, 5:31 pm
Today was the last time I saw Megan before she leaves for camp. I wanted to stay at Megan’s house for longer, but her mum said she needed some time to pack and get ready for tomorrow. Then Megan told me that Jenny and Claire from school were also going to be at the camp. I now wish I was going to camp, too. It’s going to be so boring here without her.
Marian: 1 August, 7:15 pm
Oh Ruby, I can imagine how you feel. If I were you, I would try to accept it and make the best out of the holidays. Why don’t you meet up with other friends and do cool things?
3 September, 8:05 pm
First day back at school today. Megan said she had had fun at summer camp. In fact all I heard about was summer camp: “Oh my god, do you remember when blah did this and blah did that?” I guess it’s cool that she had a good time. I tried to see her at lunch to talk about it but she had disappeared with Jenny and Claire … She also looked different – she was wearing make-up around her eyes and her long hair wasn’t tied up in a ponytail.
4 September, 6:21 pm
Megan said like four words to me today and that was it. The rest of the time she was with Jenny and Claire’s group of friends. Five minutes ago she walked past our house wearing really weird clothes. Her jeans were ripped and her top looked strange, too. Everything was black. I didn’t even know she had clothes like that.
8 September, 7:35 pm
What has happened to Megan?! First of all, she comes into registration this morning and she’s coloured her hair! There’s like all these pink bits in it. Mr Rivers told her she had to wash it out and that it was too much for school. I tried to ask her why she had coloured her hair, but she just told me to get lost and said that I knew nothing about fashion. I also saw her leave the school at lunchtime with some of the sixth formers who go to the alley behind the newsagents to smoke. When she came back in for geography this afternoon, she absolutely stank. What happened to the Megan I knew before the summer holidays? I want her back.
10 September, 9:15 pm
Megan and I went to the park after school today. I thought it might be like old times. She spent the whole time talking about these parties she’s been going to with her new friends. She said she had started smoking, but that I couldn’t tell her mum or her brother. Why would she do that? Smoking is so unhealthy. She’s like a totally different person.
13 September, 3:27 pm
I talked to mum about everything. She said it was normal and that people changed as teenagers. Why does Megan have to change? I don’t recognize her at all anymore. She hardly ever talks to me at school. Mum said she might talk to Megan’s mum about the smoking … I hope not! Megan will never talk to me again if she finds out it came from me!!
