Street skateboarding

“Get outta here you punk!” 
“You’re destroying the property! I’ll call the cops if you don’t leave now!” Since I started street skateboarding in Toronto three years ago, I’ve heard things like that a lot. Most people see street skateboarders as useless troublemakers with no respect for public areas, but I’m just a normal 16-year-old kid who likes to hang out in the city with his friends.
There are lots of skateboarding parks that we could go to, but street skateboarding is cool because you don’t have to build a ramp or spend any money to do it. I have much more fun in the city because I like city noises and big buildings.
When I was little, we lived in the country. We moved to Toronto when I was twelve and I immediately started street skateboarding. I really get a thrill when I find good sidewalks, stairs and rails to try new tricks on. Toronto is full of them. It’s the biggest city in Canada. You could skate your whole life and there would still be lots of places you haven’t been to.
The problem is that street skateboarding is illegal almost everywhere in town. Two months ago some friends and I got arrested when we tried some tricks on the stairs outside a city building. Although it was late and no one was there, the cops charged us with trespassing and vandalism and we had to pay a fine.
My parents aren’t too happy about my hobby because I keep hurting myself. Last year I fell down some stairs and I broke my elbow. I was in a cast for seven weeks, and then when I got better and got back on my board, I broke three bones in my foot when I tried to skate down a rail. That one was bad. The doctor had to put bits of metal and a lot of screws in my foot.
So yeah, street skateboarding is dangerous and can get you arrested, but so what? The feeling I get when I make up a new trick or find a place to skate makes it all worth it. It gives me a kind of energy that I don’t get from any other sport, and I’ve met all kinds of cool people.
A lot of kids who started skateboarding on the streets have become professional skateboarders. I don’t know if I’ll ever be good enough to make skateboarding my job, but I don’t think I’ll ever stop doing it.
