Expedition 360

Expedition 360
Jason Lewis from Dorset in England owned a cleaning company and played music in a band. But he still had a dream: He wanted to travel around the world and be the first to travel by human power alone. Jason was interested in the physical challenge. He also wished to raise people’s interest in the environment. So he saved £26,000 to build an 8m wooden pedal boat and to pay for the equipment needed. When 26-year-old Jason left Greenwich on 12th July 1994, he thought the journey would take him three and a half years. But it took him a lot longer than that. Jason only came home after 13 years!
Blog
Colorado
… A drunk in his car hit me while I was inline skating on a road in Colorado. He was 82 years old and also had problems with his eyes. Both my legs were broken and I was in hospital for six weeks. I thought my journey was finished. I needed nine months before I could skate again.
Australia
… I had real problems in the Great Barrier Reef but I finally reached Australia. While my boat was being repaired, thieves stole my equipment that had cost £6,500. So I had to buy 
new things – a signal light for use in a sea emergency, radios, a lifejacket, a water maker and solar panels.
Indonesia
… This part of the journey was the most dangerous so far. First I had to fight really dangerous seas, then a 5m salt water crocodile attacked me and I lost one of my kayak paddles. But I made it to Indonesia. When I arrived in Banda Aceh, I decided to help to rebuild a youth centre that had been hit by the tsunami. We collected $10,000.
The Himalayas
… This is the highest point of my journey – 5,100m in the Himalayas. Great – now it is all downhill to Greenwich, I thought. Suddenly my trip nearly came to an end again when my bike broke down. But I was lucky! Two Irish cyclists had some spare parts for me!
Egypt
… I could hardly believe it. While crossing Lake Nasser between Sudan and Egypt, I was arrested by the Egyptian military. They said I was a spy! And my visa ran out at the same time. But I was really lucky. Instead of sending me to prison for 40 years, they let me go again.
