In her own words

I don’t know how it started. All I know is that I wanted to be as thin as one of my friends. I wasn’t really fat. I was about 14 when I had this idea and I just started eating less and less.
At first I just had some fruit for breakfast and a sandwich at lunchtime. Then a very small dinner in the evening. I cut everything into very small pieces so that it took a long time to eat it. After a few weeks I just had some melon for breakfast and an egg for lunch. 
I also started doing exercises.
We went on holiday in the summer to a place we went every year. People knew me there and asked if I was ill because I had lost so much weight. I didn’t play games on the beach. I just sat with my mother and sunbathed all day. Everyone said I was like an old woman.
When we got back home, I changed my eating habits again. I ate a chicken salad for lunch. But I made it myself. Then my mother didn’t see that I didn’t put any chicken in it. And I stopped eating breakfast. My parents wanted to know what was wrong with me. It was awful for them but I didn’t care. We couldn’t go to a restaurant because I just sat and looked at the food.
Then it was October and I started to feel really cold. My mother said I was too skinny and that’s why I felt cold all the time. I got very angry with her. How could she say I was skinny? I was so much fatter than all my friends. Of course, I really weighed less than them. Anorexia had taken over. 
I just stopped eating and kept on doing my exercises. I didn’t know how ill I was.
It was November when my parents brought me to hospital. I was 163 cm tall and only weighed 34 kilos. I was now 15. I was so cold and I didn’t want any help! But the doctors said that if I didn’t start eating now and put on weight, I would be dead within a week or so. The day I arrived, an anorexic boy died. He was also 15 and weighed only 29 kilos.
But still I didn’t want to eat and I couldn’t eat. Every day I had long talks with the psychologist. She told me that she had had similar problems when she was my age. And then, after a few weeks, I started eating. I had to eat three meals a day, big ones, and three high-calorie snacks, too. It took me two hours to eat a meal and a snack took me an hour. It felt as if I was eating all day. After each meal or snack I had to lie down on my bed for half an hour. I wasn’t allowed any exercises. People were nice to me but I was never alone. There was always a psychologist or a therapist. It was hell. I knew that I could die if I stopped eating again. At first, I had real problems with my health but things slowly got better. I was there for seven months.
When I had put on nine kilos, they said I could go home. But I’m still having therapy and this will go on for some years. I hope I’m OK now but you never really know.
