Life in the outback

Hi Mike,
How are you? Thanks for the email! I’m really looking forward to your visit. Here’s something you should know about life in Western Australia:
Everything’s really different here. We live in the outback and it’s really empty. I’m sending you a picture so that you can see what I mean. I like it but there aren’t many people! I miss having friends in my neighbourhood. It can be really hot – it was 46°C in January. Yeah, Christmas is in summer, as you probably know. I love that! On Christmas Day we usually have a barbecue or ‘barbie’ as it is called here. :-D And then in July it was -4°C but we still had no snow … Oh, and in the photo you can see Harry and me decorating the Christmas tree.
We have about 8,000 sheep. Well, I guess I should say “had”. We have a real problem with 
dingoes at the moment. They killed about 100 of our sheep. :-(
You asked me about school. Well, I go to a boarding school in Perth, about 900 kilometres away from home. My classmates are all right but sometimes they make fun of me and call me a “pommy” – that’s what Australians like to call people from Britain. That really gets on my nerves! Before Perth I “went” to SOA – School of the Air. I had an almost normal timetable and listened to each 30-min lesson from a teacher on the radio. I could also talk to my classmates but I couldn’t see their faces. For Jason it’s different. All his teachers and the other kids in his class have a webcam on their computers so that they can see each other. That’s good but he can’t do his lessons in his pyjamas, like I did! :-D
You can’t travel a lot from here because everything’s so far away. I hate travelling in the car for so long but I love going by plane. My parents bought me a jeep. It’s really cool but I’m afraid of driving it at the moment. I need more practice! :-/
In emergencies there are the Flying Doctors. Once, when Harry was only 14 months old, he drank something which was really dangerous. The Flying Doctor was here after about two hours but Mum and Dad thought it took a lot longer.
So, when are you coming to visit us? We all look forward to seeing you in Bandya!
Bye! Natasha
PS: Lots of love from Mum, Dad, Jason and Harry, too!
